# Master support scripts

Scripts to support analysis and dataset creation for my master thesis

## Disclaimer

The code written in this repository is for my master thesis. It was only intended for the purpose of the thesis and was only intended for my own usage. Therefore, much of the code is hardcoded, messy, not plug-n-play, and not meant to be used in other projects. This repository only contains scripts for preprocessing of the data, and not the analysis.

## Files

[aoi_generation.py](./aoi_generation.py): Used to generate the AOI files for the Tobii pro lab software, as described in section 3.3.1 (Eye-gaze) in my master's thesis.

[fix_aoi_names.py](./fix_aoi_names.py): Used to fix fix the auto-generated AOI names from the Tobii pro lab software, as described in section 3.3.1 (Eye-gaze) in my master's thesis.

[correct_task_rows.py](./correct_task_rows.py): Used to correct the task times in the data files generated by Tobii pro lab software, as described in section 3.3.1 (Eye-gaze) in my master's thesis.

[fixations_and_fixation_duration.py](./fixations_and_fixation_duration.py): Generates fixation dataframes, and duration dataframes, as described in section 3.3.4 in my master's thesis.

[from_aoi_to_aoi.py](./from_aoi_to_aoi.py): Generates a dataframe with fixations from a help section to a place in the code. Used as a help for generating percentages and percentiles, as described in section 3.3.5 in my master's thesis.

[percent_of_first_fixation_on_bug_after_help.py](./percent_of_first_fixation_on_bug_after_help.py): Generates a dataframe with percentages of first fixations after consulting the help section that was on the bug, as described in section 3.3.5 in my master's thesis.

[percentile_from_bug.py](./percentile_from_bug.py): Generates a dataframe with fixations and what percentiles away from the bug the fixation was, as described in section 3.3.5 in my master's thesis.
